In an informational age through the use of Customer Management System to maintain a good relationship between businesses and their customers, mine potential customers, discover customer fluctuation, can help enterprises in the era of tight resources in the client capture the market opportunities. The more current CMS is to achieve workflow automation to improve response speed. There are rare research about how to classify customers by intelligent methods.
	The key innovation of Customer Management System Based on Artificial Intelligence(CMS Based on AI) is the introduction of artificial intelligence algorithms, mine potential customers from the mass of customer data, discover customer fluctuation to help companies implement targeted marketing tools and to discover itself insufficient.
	In this paper, there is more detailed research of artificial intelligence algorithms in the field of data mining. Comparing the application field and the advantage of artificial neural network algorithms, genetic algorithm and decision tree algorithm, decision tree algorithm as the core algorithm of the system to achieve optimal customer screening.
The system is based on Java EE development platform, using SSH (Struts2, Spring, Hibernate) framework to achieve B/S structure of the Web application design. The highlights of this system: (1) people-oriented, front-end using AJAX(Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) technology to provide users a good experience; (2) output feedback charts, giving users a more intuitive view of data; (3) The decision tree algorithm is applied to optimal customer screening module, and provide users two kind of decision tree construction algorithms: ID3 and C4.5; (4) using SSH framework completed Web application design, reduce development effort and the degree of coupling between the system level.

Keywords: Customer Relationship Management; Artificial Intelligence; Decision Tree Algorithm; J2EE; SSH
 
